In this video explain enhanced Wii motion compatibility or EVC in VSE fair sex.
Now in this lesson we're going to cover a few topics we'll talk about how EVC is used to ensure that
all of the hosts in a cluster are Wii motion compatible.
And this is ideal if you have a depressed cluster that's going to be automatically moving virtual machines
around using Wii motion.
It also provides some additional levels of compatibility for Sipa use that would not normally be compatible.
It also prevents incompatible hosts from being added to a cluster.
So if you try to add a new host to an existing cluster and that new host is not emotion compatible EVC
won't allow you to add it to that cluster EVC can be configured on clusters that include either AMD
or Intel processors.
So before we get into EVC Let's quickly talk about what a cluster is we can cluster our ESX I hostes
for a number of purposes maybe we want to protect against a host failure using high availability.
Maybe we want to automatically load balance across a group of hosts using DRM us or maybe we want to
pool local storage and use it to present a shared data store using VSAN.
These are all use cases that we can take advantage of when we create a host cluster.
So how about DRM.
Let's say that we've created a host cluster and we've been able to fully automated Diyar rests on that
cluster Well Diyar wrasse relies upon wiii motion.
That's how the IRS works.
So with the IRS the center is going to constantly analyze the workloads of your ESX host and use Wii
motion to move virtual machines from one host to another for load balancing purposes.
However here we see a cluster with hosts that are Wii motion incompatible.
You can't.
The motion of virtual machine from an HMD host to an Intel host and EVC can't really help with this.
If you've created this closter this is a cluster that contains incompatible hosts and you can not enable
EVC on this cluster.
So even as he can fix some of the motion incompatibilities but it can't fix everything
so here we see a cluster of ESX I host and they're all HMD hosts.
This is rephrased.
This is a closter.
That's a good candidate for EVC when we can figure EVC we'll choose a baseline.
And all the hosts in that cluster will present the feature set of that baseline and EVC uses his built
in technology with am d or Intel processors to create a consistent feature set across ESX I host.
So how do they do this.
Well in order to accomplish this newer processor features have to be masked so that they can match up
with the older C-p use.
So you'll choose a baseline of an older processor or at the baseline that you choose must be supported
by the host with the smallest feature set in that cluster.
Now this doesn't slow down your C.P. use it doesn't throttle them back.
It doesn't make an AMDP generation one processor perform like a generation three or vice versa.
What it does is it masks certain features so that all of the processors kind of feel the same to our
venoms.
So let's take a look at our slide here.
We have four ESX I hosts and we've chosen a baseline that matches up with the host with the smallest
feature set HMD generation one.
That's our baseline.
So the end result of this baseline is that the features that are not supported on Generation 1 are not
available.
And now my virtual machines get an identical experience on any of these hosts and we motion compatibility
is achieved.
So that's one of the big benefits of EVC is it can make hosts that are normally not the motion compatible
the motion compatible.
Now a few final notes on EVC EVC does have some hardware requirements that need to be met.
You must be on ESX I 3.5 or later I'm sure we're all on that.
All C-p use must be from a single vendor.
You can't mix and match AMD and Intel Intel Core 2 processors are supported by EVC beginning with the
Merom generation.
Am D has two different sequences of EVC levels each of which support different generations of processors.
There's HMD level one which supports HMD Opteron generation one through three.
And there's HMD level B which supports Opteron generation 3:55 C.P. use with the 3D now feature are
not it.